OSDOCS-20374 created zstream RNS for 4-21-22 (#114300)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-21-22.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * release_notes/ocp-4-21-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="zstream-4-21-22_{context}"]
= RHSA-2026:29834 - {product-title} {product-version}.22 fixed issues advisory

Issued: 30 June 2026

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} release {product-version}.22 is now available. The list of fixed issues that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2026:29834[RHSA-2026:29834] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:29832[RHBA-2026:29832] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.21.22 --pullspecs
----

[id="zstream-4-21-22-known-issues_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * Currently, when you apply the `openshift-node-performance` PerformanceProfile` with the non-RT kernel, timer migration is not enabled for the `kernel.timer_migration` setting. As a consequence, kernel timers such as TCP timeout and keep-alive timers can remain stuck on CPUs assigned to latency-sensitive workloads, causing unwanted interruptions to those workloads. As a workaround, enable timer migration by using a TuneD custom resource to set the `kernel.timer_migration=1` `sysctl` parameter. For more information about configuring TuneD, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5532341[Performance addons operator advanced configuration]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-88467[OCPBUGS-88467])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, when you apply the `openshift-node-performance` `PerformanceProfile` with the {op-system-base} non-Real Time kernel, timer migration is not enabled for the `kernel.timer_migration` setting. As a consequence, kernel timers such as TCP timeout and keep-alive timers can remain stuck on CPUs assigned to latency-sensitive workloads, causing unwanted interruptions to those workloads. As a workaround, enable timer migration by using a TuneD profile to set the `kernel.timer_migration=1` `sysctl` parameter. For more information about configuring TuneD, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5532341[Performance addons operator advanced configuration]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-88467[OCPBUGS-88467])
```
I'm not sure what this bug means--does this happen for all RHEL systems except the RTK? If so, might be easier to just say that?
TuneD is set with profiles, not Kubernetes CRs, see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/10/html/monitoring_and_managing_system_status_and_performance/optimizing-system-performance-with-tuned
see also (just fyi; this is a sep distro of RHEL): https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/10

Author: I'm not sure what to do since the same text is also in https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-88470 and https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-88469
